upcoming: [M3-7733] - Access key "Permissions" drawer ARIA label needs to be updated for OBJ Multicluster (#10213)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-10213-upcoming-features-1708540968499.md

---
"@linode/manager": Upcoming Features
---

> Update access key "Permissions" drawer ARIA label for OBJ Multicluster. ([#10213](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/10213))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure correct ARIA labels for permissions are displayed in Access Key "Permissions" drawer when OBJ Multicluster is enabled ([#10213](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/10213))
```
